chore: Clean RFC and docs (#667)
epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer: docs/processes/0003_Documentation_structure_and_RFC_process.md

# Documentation structure and RFC process

## Glossary

RFC - Request for Comments

## Documentation structure

```

> architecture

Reviewer: Consider using title case here.

Author: In that case `architecture` means directory, and directory in Linux world is case sensitive.

Reviewer 2: as a quick fix, please apply this to this and similar entries, and we are done over here :)

Used by: CDL team

configuration
Purpose: Description of all ENV variables and configuration files
Used by: CDL user

deployment
Purpose: Documentation of how to deploy CDL
Used by: CDL user

examples
Purpose: a place for tutorials and guides.
Used by: CDL user

features
Purpose: a place for feature (behavior) description. Each feature should have at least one document describing it. Example: ordering.md, materialization.md, routing.md, CDLIM_versioning.md
Used by: CDL user

processes
Purpose: a place for all our processes. For example: Commit message formalization or this process.
Used by: CDL team

rfc
Purpose: a place for all RFCs.
Used by: CDL team

...
```
## RFC process

RFC describes only **change** to CDL. The change might be:
* New feature
* Modification of existing feature
* New process
* Modification of existing process

> It does not contain information about a single component (its current state, as this is the purpose of `architecture`).

Reviewer: This seems like a more specific way to inform the reader that our intended usage of RFC's (in the context of the CDL and its development) is design changes, and that we aim to avoid implementation-specific details when possible. Does that seem more useful to you, or would you rather keep it as is?

Author: Implementation details are fine, but this sentence was written to resolve an issue if we should keep `RFC describing what Object Builder or Materializer General is`. And the answer is "no - if we need to describe whats the current state of the already existing component then we should simply create document in `architecture` directory. Object Builder is not a feature, Materialization is"

Reviewer 2: simple rewording (clarification to the doc) proposed, besides that its closed
about Sam's issue, its not about the rfc discussion, only cleaning up,

### RFC Category

Each RFC must contain a category informing whether it describes the feature or the process.
Accepted values: `Feature`/`Process`.

### RFC Deadline

> Each RFC must contain a deadline to speed up the process.

Reviewer: This implies that the deadline should be embedded in the RFC itself. Can you mark where the deadline should be recorded, or at least that it shouldn't be done in the RFC itself?

Author: The content of this process is based on the already accepted RFC. I understand that there is always room for improvement, but maybe we should create another issue to review and clarify all comments regarding the content of these processes?

The purpose of this RFC was to organize documents, and not necessarily change the content.

Regarding your question:
Deadline is included in RFC itself, see line 95

Reviewer 2: solved

If the deadline is met without conclusion, the author of the RFC should create a meeting and invite all interested in these RFC parties. Then during this meeting resolution has to be made.

The deadline must be set at least 3 days from the announcement. RFC author should schedule the meeting on the nearest possible date that is acceptable for all parties.

Until the deadline, everyone is allowed to comment on the RFC. Participants should use the scheduled meeting only to decide when there is more than one strong opinion about the subject. All issues should be defined and discussed via GitHub comments. The deadline meeting should be relatively short if everyone agrees on the subject.

There may be exceptions to this rule - for example, when during a deadline meeting, everyone agrees to wait for new information from superiors, etc.

### RFC ordering number

Each RFC has an assigned ordering number that is an always-increasing integer. In rare situations, there might be gaps between two integers.
RFC ordering number has to be unique.

RFC ordering number and feature ID are not the same concepts.

### The process

#### Draft

> The author of the RFC should create a new document in the `rfc` directory. This directory has a flat structure, and each RFC should have a filename in human-readable format with RFC ordering prefix number and version postfix number. For example: `1234_schema_registry_less_CDL_deployment_01.md`.

Reviewer: Is there a strict requirement of a minimum of 4 digits? That doesn't seem to be notated anywhere, which technically leaves it ambiguous.

Reviewer 2: clarification accepted, 
@frondeus, please resolve when ready

Version postfix number is increased when RFC describes changes for existing RFC; for example, when there is `xxx_feature_01.md`, the author wants to describe the modification or new approach to the feature (which isn't a new feature itself), they should write `yyy_feature_02.md`. In that case, however, the ordering number is always different - `xxx` < `yyy`.

> 

Author: > When abandoned - RFC should be updated with `Abandon reason`.

> 

Author: Maybe it needs to be more explicit? `Abandon reason` in Front Matter (top of the document)

Format:
`<RFC ordering number>_<Human readable name>_<Version postfix number>.md`

Each RFC has to contain Front Matter in the format:
```` 
# Front Matter

```
Title           : Schema-Registry-less CDL deployment
Category        : Feature
Author(s)       : Wojciech Polak
Team            : CommonDataLayer
Created         : 2021-06-24
Deadline        : 2021-06-26
CDL feature ID  : CDLF-00016-00
```
```` 

> CDL feature ID is required only for the feature description. If RFC describes the process, this field should be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDL feature ID is only required for feature descriptions. If the RFC describes a process, this field should be omitted.
```

        * Implementator should create tracking issue - he should include its id in `features/index.md` table.
        * Update in `architecture` - all components that were changed should be updated, so this RFC won't be needed to understand how for example, Object Builder works. It should be done as a part of PR that has been merged.
        * Update in `features` - if RFCs category is `Feature` - Update existing or create new feature.md and write a new description of what this feature does. In some cases, the author can selectively copy-paste it from RFC; however, the author must be careful. It should be done as a part of PR that has been merged.
    * If RFC describes the process: 
        * `processes/index.md` needs to be updated
        * Update in `processes` - if RFCs category is `Process` - Update existing or create a new process.md and write a further description of how the process looks. In some cases, the author can selectively copy-paste it from RFC; however, the author must be careful. Implementator should do it in PR that has been merged.
* If the deadline has been met, but no conclusion has been reached - RFC should be updated with the new deadline
(sub-issues).

> * When abandoned - RFC should be updated with `Abandon reason`.

Reviewer: Should this section go at the bottom or the top? Bottom leaves it away from the content, not distracting the reader, whereas the top is a good place to inform the reader of the status quickly, like an archived banner on an abandoned GitHub repo.

Reviewer 2: only `abandon reason` or the whole section ?

Reviewer: Abandon.
